oh that you would rend the heavens that
you would come down that the mountains
might shake at your presence as fire
burns brushwood as fire causes water to
boil to make your name known to your
adversaries that the nations may tremble
at your presence when you did awesome
things for which we did not look you
came down the mountains shook at your
presence for since the beginning of the
world men have not heard nor perceived
by the ear nor has the eye seen any God
besides you who acts for the one who
waits for him you meet him who rejoices
and does righteousness who remembers you
in your ways you are indeed angry for we
have sinned in these ways we continue
and we need to be saved but we are all
like an unclean thing and all our
righteousnesses are like filthy rags we
all fade as a leaf and our iniquities
like the wind have taken us away and
there is no one who calls on your name
who stirs himself up to take hold of you
for you have hidden your face from us
and have consumed us because of our
iniquities but now O Lord you are our
Father we are the clay and you are
Potter and all we are the work of your
hand
do not be furious Oh Lord nor remember
iniquity forever indeed
please look we all are your people your
holy cities are a wilderness Zion is a
wilderness Jerusalem a desolation our
holy and beautiful temple where our
fathers praised you is burned up with
fire and all our pleasant things are
laid waste will you restrain yourself
because of these things Oh Lord will you
hold your peace and afflict us very
severely
you